---
layout: post
title: Second Run!
tags: [Harvest, first run, second run, outdoor]
---

## Day 0

On Saturday, 6/5, I popped two Red Poison seeds by Sweet Seeds and put them in the tent.

I used DNC Lake Michigan Water Only mix again, just more of it this time. I made sure to fill the pots completely and shake them to settle the dirt before topping them off. I made a solo cup sized hole and filled it with a few scoops of Happy Frog, same technique as last time, just less Happy Frog.

The lights are currently at the recommended height of 24", set to 60% on a 18/6 schedule.

### Second Porch Plant

I also started a Northern Lights auto in a mix of the left over DNC and cheap potting mix. She'll join the Gorilla Glue outside in a week or so. 

## Harvest Update

### Pineapple Express

The PE ended up yielding 28g of L/M nugs, 30g of M/S nugs, and about 40 grams of shake/trim/popcorn.

I let the PE dry too long and it showed, I should have been more vigilant about checking rather than just letting it go for 14 days. Won't make the same mistake with going forward.

The nugs are in jars with Boveda packs curing, today is day 9 in the jars and they will likely go to 30 days.

### AK

The AK has been drying for 13 days and I'll be putting it into jars tonight. The stems are just starting to snap so Im hoping I didn't over do this one too.

## Outdoor Day 26

I was testing out some 3d printed training clips on the GG but ditched them, they were a little too small. I also applied neem oil on Saturday (6/5) to deal with what ever was munching on the leaves.
