---
layout: post
title: Day 42
tags: [first run, bugs, lights, boveda]
---

## Week 6 Wrapped

Another week in the books and the ladies look great. The buds are really starting to develop and I'm excited to see how they progress in the coming weeks. According to the breeder specs the ladies <i class="purple">should</i> be ready to harvest around May 3rd.

### More Stuff

Last week I bought a 12 Pack of 32oz Wide Mouth Ball Jars from Target for curing, it was only ~$12, fuck Amazon for charging $32.
Speaking of Amazon, I just ordered some cheap hygrometers and a 10 pack of 8g 62% Boveda 2 way humidity packs to go in the jars when curing. Boveda is the industry standard and they're also made in America so I went with them over Integra Boost packs.

I still need are some cheap hangers, probably from Target, to hang the plants to dry. Im still deciding on either a trim bin or sift screen to trim over so I can collect all that sweet, sweet hash.

### Lights

I clipped the light directly to the cross bar at the top of the tent to get the light up an extra inch off the canopy. They have been showing some more signs of light stress and I'm really trying to avoid dimming it lower. I need to be better about training the next run to prevent them getting this tall.

## Outdoor Grow Coming

Im going to start the Bruce Banner Auto that I got as a freebie this weekend and in a few weeks transition it to the porch for a little outdoor grow. I grabbed some cheap organic soil from Home Depot this week for some porch tomatoes and I figure I'll use that with my amendments for a budget outdoor grow. I just hope my neighbors don't mind, Bruce is known to __<i class="green">HULK</i>__ up...

_pictures soon_